---
layout: post
title: One Year
---

It's been a year since I've gone to my first hackathon. Looking back at all the things that have occurred, it's been an insane year. I started out as a high school senior who only knew Java well. By now, I've grown, in skills, confidence, dreams&#8212;and strength as well (I've been working out)! In one year, I have...

* participated/mentored in 22 hackathons
* became a developer evangelist for Syncano
* worked on a freelance gig for NBC [until...](http://devchuk.github.io/res/img/posts/NOOO.jpg)
* got accepted into the HackNY Fellowship
* played around with new languages and technologies such as robotics, augmented/virtual reality, EEG systems


The HackNY Fellowship is definitely the most exciting of all. If you don't know what it is, HackNY is a summer program where thousands of science and engineering students compete for just over 30 internship positions at notable technology startup companies in New York City. Admitted students enjoy free housing in Union Square and a pedagogical series of lectures from knowledgable founders & tech people. You can learn more about the fellowship [here](http://hackny.org/a/fellows/) and see my application [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13K2MATwBy5WCA8cKVje4CU-n_dbhU7HHfScNOhg1Dk4/edit?usp=sharing).

<!---excerpt--> 


###What's next?

I want to remake my website. I feel that it doesn't represent me anymore (and I'm ashamed at its responsiveness..). However, this time, everything will be done WITHOUT half-assing it. I'll go through the whole design process and show my procedure in another blog post .

I also want to work on bigger side projects. The first semester of my freshman year has just consisted of hacks I've worked on for only a weekend. This semester, I want to create products I'll actually use and maybe others would be interested in using as well. In the end, it's all about bringing something out to the world and making the people around us a little happier.

It's rare for a freshman to get into HackNY, become a developer evangelist, and do all these really cool things. What brought me to where I am today isn't my own efforts, but effects that others have had on me. And I'm incredibly thankful for that. It's been an extraordinary first year, and I'm stoked for what's going to happen to the next one. 

####Here's to the second iteration.

~ Brian Chuk

<i><small style="float:left">P.S. I'm a developer evangelist at Syncano and a HackNY 2015 Fellow. I also tweet as [@devChuk](http://twitter.com/devChuk). Send me a message and follow me for more of my thoughts.</small></i>

